=== README ===

This is the alpha phase for my little app. 

It's a hot mess and needs a lot of work done.

For now the main eatures are there

I will add more whe nI can but for now, it's fairly bare bones

--- Functionality ---
* User can create an account and log in.
* User needs a Gravatar account to be able to have profile pic
* User can post 140 char statuses and jpg png gif images
* User can follow people and can be followed
* User can view followed profile pages
* User sees their and their followed statuses in a DESC feed
* User can change password

--- Future functionaliy ---
* post blogs, animated gifs, hashtags, @people
* IRC chat
* geotagging
* editing statuses from feed
* calendar
* post youtube links
* dark mode
* webmail for proper contact page
* PayPal donation page


--- bugs ---
* turbolinks breaks navbar collapse
* jumbotron in about, contact, help stretches in mobile view
* affix for sidebar twitches occasionally and doesn't catch on initial load in IE
* landing page background resizes weird on screen resize
* user logs into profile isntead of feed - dev tests fails if otherwise - fix dev tests
* precompiling assets
* Sprockets creates an eroor css page whenever the scss is edited at all. Need to delete or error shows up on website

--- Feedback ---
* Let me know - bugs, suggestions, fixes, forks, spoons?
* Spoons?

** I take donations in craft beer and 3rd wave coffee from snooty huipster cafes **

NOTE: As it stands when I push from cloud 9 (the poor man's virtual IDE) I need to precompile assets;

* bundle exec rake assets:precompile
* git add -A
* git commit -m "mesage"
* git push
* git push heroku master

If I don't do it this way, the latest commited CSS will not load to heroku. I don't know where this bug is or how to squash it.